ICU-21534 Add notice about master to main rename (#1638)
unicode-org/icu: README.md

![ICU Logo](./tools/images/iculogo_64.png)

> ### 🔴🔴🔴 Speical Notice About Branch Renaming 🔴🔴🔴
> We plan to rename the `master` branch to `main` branch around March 24-25, 2021. You may need to rename your branch in your local git repo and change your normal git command to reflect the changes after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🔴🔴🔴 Special Notice About Branch Renaming 🔴🔴🔴
We plan to rename the `master` branch to `main` branch around March 24-25, 2021. You may need to rename your branch in your local git repo and change your normal git command to reflect the changes after that. See also https://github.com/github/renaming
```
